Multiple Credential use case (#778)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/credential-issuance-low-level.rst

  HTTP/1.1 204 No Content

.. note::

>    In some cases there are multiple sets of Credential data available in the Authentic Source system, and the User may be interested in obtaining more than one Credential. In these cases the Issuance Flow remains the same as described in :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Low-Level Issuance Flow`. In the Token Response (**Step 11**), the Credential Issuer generates a unique identifier (``credential_identifier``) for each Credential Dataset provided in the `AttributeClaims` parameter of the e-service PDND :ref:`authentic-source-endpoint:Get Attribute Claims`. Therefore, the ``credential_identifiers`` array contains the identifiers of each Credential Dataset. Then, the Wallet sends a Credential Request (**Step 16**) for each identifier, obtaining multiple distinct Credentials that are individually shown to the User for the acceptance. Finally, the Credential Issuer is notified by the Wallet of the outcome through the :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Notification Endpoint`.

Reviewer: is it supposed to obtain this credential_identifiers within the authorization_details object?

Reviewer: I suggest to say `credential_identifiers` string array provided within the `authorization_details` object for better clarity

>    In some cases there are multiple sets of Credential data available in the Authentic Source system, and the User may be interested in obtaining more than one Credential. In these cases the Issuance Flow remains the same as described in :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Low-Level Issuance Flow`. In the Token Response (**Step 11**), the Credential Issuer generates a unique identifier (``credential_identifier``) for each Credential Dataset provided in the `AttributeClaims` parameter of the e-service PDND :ref:`authentic-source-endpoint:Get Attribute Claims`. Therefore, the ``credential_identifiers`` array provided within the ``authorization_details`` parameter contains the identifiers of each Credential Dataset. Then, the Wallet sends a Credential Request (**Step 16**) for each identifier, obtaining multiple distinct Credentials that are individually shown to the User for the acceptance. Finally, the Credential Issuer is notified by the Wallet of the outcome through the :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Notification Endpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In some cases there are multiple sets of Credential data available in the Authentic Source system, and the User may be interested in obtaining more than one Credential. In these cases the Issuance Flow remains the same as described in :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Low-Level Issuance Flow`. In the Token Response (**Step 11**), the Credential Issuer generates a unique identifier (``credential_identifier``) for each Credential Dataset provided in the `AttributeClaims` parameter of the e-service PDND :ref:`authentic-source-endpoint:Get Attribute Claims`. Therefore, the ``credential_identifiers`` array within the ``authorization_details`` object contains the identifiers of all Credentials available for issuance. The Wallet sends a Credential Request (**Step 16**) for each identifier, obtaining multiple distinct Credentials that are individually shown to the User for the acceptance. Finally, the Credential Issuer is notified by the Wallet of the outcome through the :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Notification Endpoint`.
```
